Mrtydi regression (#1702)
castorini/anserini: README.md

In the course of [reproducing](docs/reproducibility.md) baseline results on standard test collections, please let us know if you're successful by sending us a pull request with a simple note, like what appears at the bottom of [the Robust04 page](docs/regressions-robust04.md).
Reproducibility is important to us, and we'd like to know about successes as well as failures.
Since the regression documentation is auto-generated, pull requests should be sent against the [raw templates](https://github.com/castorini/anserini/tree/master/src/main/resources/docgen/templates).

> Then the regression documentation can be generated using the [build.sh](https://github.com/castorini/anserini/blob/master/bin/build.sh) scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the regression documentation can be generated using the [`bin/build.sh`](bin/build.sh) script.
```
